Fifty years have passed,
but I do not age.
Time has lost its effect on me.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(LAUGHS MANIACALLY)
Yet the suffering continues.
Aku's grasp chokes the past,
present, and future.
Hope is lost.
Got to get back,
back to the past.
Samurai Jack.
Father!
ALL: Shh!
But Aku... He...
Quiet, lass! We know!
The whole world knows.
(DANCE MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
ALL: Aku.
(MONKEYS CHITTERING)
ALL: Grandpa! Grandpa!
Now, now, children, settle down. I know.
I know.
(BEEPING RAPIDLY)
(BEEPS)
Get on with it, ya blasted bag of bloated...
Dad, we can't hear. He's on.
Oh, sorry.
AKU: Long ago in a distant land,
I, Aku, the shape-shifting
master of darkness,
unleashed an unspeakable evil.
But a foolish samurai warrior
wielding a magic sword
stepped forth to oppose me.
(SWORD CLAN KING)
(AKU SCREAMS)
Before the final blow was struck,
I tore open a portal in time
and flung him into the future,
where my evil is law.
Now the fool seeks to return to the past
and undo the future that is Aku.
Not!
Because, after all these years,
I have captured Samurai Jack
and the sword!
(LAUGHS MANIACALLY)
No!
ALL: Samurai.
Jack.
Oh, no.
Friend.
(BEEPS)
Oh, dear.
To all those fools who dare oppose me,
your hero is dead!
Your hope is dead!
I am the one true master!
Let this be a lesson to all!
Time to die, Samurai Jack!
Huh.
You know, after all these years,
I'm not really sure how I want to do it.
(DRAWING SWORDS)
Ashi.
Fight, Ashi, fight.
I know you're still in there.
Ashi.
Please, Ashi, fight.
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
AKU: Wait a second.
This is the one.
Or is it too much?
Perhaps a little less?
Madness!
Yes.
Daughter, will you do your father a favor
and kill the samurai?
No, Ashi, no.
(WARBLING)
Yes, the simplest solution
is usually the best one.
Ashi, you can't let it end this way.
Please, Ashi, fight!
Fight!
Huh?
(RUMBLING)
What the...
We're here, Jack!
We're here to rescue you!
(RAPID EXPLOSIONS)
Pathetic fools!
(GROANS)
(WOOLIES HOWL)
Ha!
(MONKEYS CHITTERING)
Flying monkeys?
No, jump good.
Now, who's this?
The 300 fight for the one.
(CLANKING)
(LAUGHS)
You're nothing
but insignificant insects to Aku.
And insects get squashed...
...and exterminated!
(HOWLING)
(ALL CLAMORING)
(ROARS)
(WARBLING)
Hold the line! Hold the line!
(GROANS)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
Oh, dear!
(LAUGHS)
(BAGPIPES BLARING)
Huh?
(BAGPIPES PLAYING)
(ALL WHOOPING)
(CHITTERING)
(ALL GASP)
(SCREAMING)
(BAGPIPES BLARE)
(WARBLING)
(GROANS)
(WHOOPING)
No, wait!
Jackie boy!
Right. Keep forgetting about that.
You... You're dead?
Aye, just a wee bit.
Then how...
Celtic magic!
Oi! Ya gotta meet me bonnie daughters!
There's Flora, Maeve, Isla, Bradana,
Murdina, Alana, Oban, Ardbey,
Fionna, Assie, Bonnie, Lorna,
Mawina, Shona, Nora, Piesil,
Shanath, Euspeth, Edme, Freya,
Gilbartha, Gesha, Grizela,
Innes, Dawntha, Cora,
Davina, Kina...
So many.
Aye, me pride and joy.
Now, take your pick.
I'd be mighty proud.
I cannot.
What?
You're suddenly too good for me girls?
Oh, no, no.
I met someone.
(GASPS) Who?
(WOMEN SCREAMING)
Her.
I don't think she's your type, laddie.
(RUMBLING)
(ROBOTIC VOICE)
We've commandeered this samurai
to save you, Samurai.
(RUMBLING)
A giant stone samurai? Really?
Now, you don't see that very often.
(WARBLING)
ASHI: Jack?
(GRUNTING)
Ashi!
(GROANS)
Enough!
(ALARMS BLARING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(BEEPS)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(ALARM BLARING)
Oh, dear.
Shields!
Dad!
No one harms me bonnie girls!
Fear the call of
the phantom pipes of Lagavulin!
(BAGPIPES BLARE)
Ashi. (ECHOES)
Ashi!
ASHI: Jack?
Yes, I'm with you, but you must fight, Ashi.
Fight it!
(WEAKLY) I...
I can't. I...
Ashi, you must!
Ashi! Ashi!
Ashi! (STAMMERS)
I love you!
Is he dead?
No.
And he never will be.
How dare you talk back to your father?
No. You're not my father.
- Yes, I am!
- No, you're not!
(GROWLS)
(YELLS)
(CLANK)
Huh?
(LASERS FIRING)
What?
Ashi, you have Aku's powers.
(GASPS) I do!
(WARBLING)
Oh, no.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
(GROANS)
(WARBLE)
You might have beaten me now,
but I will destroy you in the future.
There is no future for you, Aku.
I disagree.
(WARBLING)
What trickery is this?
Aku! (ECHOES)
(PING)
Do not worry, Samurai.
You will see me again,
but next time, you will not be so fortunate.
(PING)
What?
Huh? You're back already!
(YELLS)
No, wait! (SCREAMS)
(WARBLING)
No more!
(WIND BLOWING)
It is done.
(GROANS)
Ashi?
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
I'm okay.
I felt him leave me.
He will never hurt anyone ever again.
(BELL TOLLING)
(CHEERING)
Ashi!
Jack.
What's wrong?
Without Aku...
...I would have never existed.
No.
Ashi.
(RUSTLING)
(BUZZING)
(WOMAN VOCALIZING)